Hey guys welcome back.
Tonight we're done with our validation functions with the exception of these two dudes of course which
we still haven't done yet.
We can go ahead and decide whether we actually want to insert the data into a database.
So in the register function underneath where you do your validations we're going to have if Damon says
if empty with the parentheses there and inside the parentheses.
But this narrow array just like that.
So if empty this error.
So this is as you can probably guess checking whether the error rate is actually empty or not.
This empty function is going to return True or false depending on whether there are actually any values
inside this array.
So this is the same as saying if this is is it was true.
So that's fine too if you want to have Eagles true they're fine.
But it's exactly the same as if you don't know that.
But if you're just starting out with all this and you want to be a bit more explicit whether you can
just but true like that.
Okay.
If it is empty we know there were no errors inserted and we can go ahead and insert in to dbe Davis
elves which means this didn't evaluate to true which means there are valleys is the error.
It means that somewhere one of these things post a value into the array which means that one of the
conditions failed.
Okay.
So here we can just return false that here for now we can just return true.
This will change later Oby for analogist but return true and here put return false and then insulting
a register handler that BHP class where we call this function.
This is where we call the register function.
We actually give the result of this call to a variable.
So you just say dollar sign was successful by that.
Equals Yes.
So remember this is going to turn true or false depending on whether there are any errors in the error
rate.
So it can be to if I wasn't going to sign into this was successful variable underneath that we could
very simply say if I was successful equals true again like I said before you can leave the Eagles to
off if you want to zakia Same but for the people are just starting out programming where they've been
more explicit in his sleeve.
Equals equals true like that.
So if it is true we're going to redirect them to the index page.
So we have a brand This is an ember location with a capital L location code on index stop HP like that.
And what this head location is it literally just takes them to where the baby.
So in this case I'll take you to the index page.
So if the registration is successful I'm going to take off the index page and that's all we do.
We're ready now to go and test that these validation functions actually work because we have to test
this year.
So we're ready to do that now.